repair clinic encourages you to perform
this procedure safely in this video we
will show one or more of these icons to
alert you when to use caution before you
replace the air vein spring on your
engine first make sure the engine has
cooled next you should remove the wire
and boot from the spark plug to prevent
the engine from accidentally starting
use a Phillips head screwdriver to
unthread the mounting screws securing
the engine cover release the starter
rope from the retainer and pull the
cover off if still intact use pliers to
detach the old spring from the air vane
and the bracket install the new air vane
spring by first hooking it on to the
bracket then attach it to the air vane
realign the engine cover
rethread and tighten the mounting screws
depress the bail arm extend the starter
rope and secure it in the retainer with
the repair completed reattach the wire
in boot to the spark plug
and your engine should be ready for use